Create page about projects.mdx (#820)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/chain/identity/projects.mdx

---
title: Projects
lang: en-US
description: Learn about the project entity within the Optimism Collective's identity stack.
---

## Projects

> Within the Optimism Collective, **[the project entity](https://community.optimism.io/docs/identity/project-and-individual-identity-in-the-collective/#people)** is used to represent contributions to the Optimism Collective and can be used to apply for Retroactive Public Goods Funding (Retro Funding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the Optimism Collective, [the project entity](https://community.optimism.io/docs/identity/project-and-individual-identity-in-the-collective/#people) represents contributions to the Optimism Collective and can be used to apply for Retroactive Public Goods Funding (Retro Funding).
```

> 
> The project entity is represented onchain by an attestation. The attestation UID is the project’s unique identifier for its lifecycle in the Collective. To create a new project, an attestation is issued using **[the project schema](https://optimism.easscan.org/schema/view/0x7ae9f4adabd9214049df72f58eceffc48c4a69e920882f5b06a6c69a3157e5bd)**. The only metadata included in the project schema is the Farcaster Id of the person who created the project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Project Representation

The project entity is represented onchain by an attestation. The attestation UID serves as the project's unique identifier throughout its lifecycle in the Collective.

### Creating a New Project

To create a new project:

1. Issue an attestation using [the project schema](https://optimism.easscan.org/schema/view/0x7ae9f4adabd9214049df72f58eceffc48c4a69e920882f5b06a6c69a3157e5bd).
2. Include the Farcaster Id of the project creator as the only metadata in the project schema.

## Project Metadata

All other project metadata is stored or referenced in the [Project Metadata Attestation](https://optimism.easscan.org/schema/view/0xe035e3fe27a64c8d7291ae54c6e85676addcbc2d179224fe7fc1f7f05a8c6eac).

### Updating Metadata

- The Project Metadata Attestation is re-issued whenever there's a change in metadata.
- Apps displaying project metadata should refer to the most recent attestation for up-to-date information.

## Further Reading

For more information about identity in the Optimism Collective, see the [Identity Overview](/chain/identity/overview.mdx).
```
